docs: added @firehose and @retain directives (#3282)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/cli/graphql-transformer/directives.md

## 3rd party directives

- [`@ttl`: Enable DynamoDB's time-to-live feature to auto-delete old entries in your AWS Amplify API](https://github.com/flogy/graphql-ttl-transformer)
- [`@firehose`: Add a simple interceptor to all of your Amplify API mutations and queries](https://github.com/LaugnaHealth/graphql-firehose-transformer)

> - [`@retain`: Prevent losing production data by enabling the retain deletion policy for your AWS Amplify API](https://github.com/flogy/graphql-retain-transformer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`@retain`: Enable the "Retain" deletion policy for your the Amplify-generated DynamoDB tables](https://github.com/flogy/graphql-retain-transformer)
```
